Handle Incomplete Results with Error (#654)
zowe/cics-for-zowe-client: packages/vsce/CHANGELOG.md

 - BugFix: Render USS paths with a trailing slash (e.g. `JAVA_HOME=/usr/lpp/java/J8.0_64/`) as hyperlinks in the Resource Inspector. [#638](https://github.com/zowe/cics-for-zowe-client/issues/638)
 - Enhancement: Use SDK-provided methods to close and open local files. [#241](https://github.com/zowe/cics-for-zowe-client/issues/241)
 - BugFix: Enable NewCopy on programs under a Library Data set. [#642](https://github.com/zowe/cics-for-zowe-client/issues/642)

>  - Enhancement: Return results as well as errors, where some data is successfully retrieved. [#617](https://github.com/zowe/cics-for-zowe-client/issues/617)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Enhancement: Show any CICS records retrieved when a request errors. [#617](https://github.com/zowe/cics-for-zowe-client/issues/617)
```
